Before asking for helping without reading previous pages on the forum, read these instructions and tips.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
If you arent willing to lose the account, dont risk it. From what ive seen from other people hacking, these things most likely arent being inspected by anyone unless you get reported by players or arent logged at all, but I personally keep it in mind and try to keep thingg to a minimum when public. Some of us though have accidentally injected while Cipher was still running though and didnt get banned. It seems kinda in the air with how much you play being a part of it, just stay solo if you want to rage hack. Ive found farming with Loot Vac to be the best use when online to avoid suspicions.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Before, Disable EAC)

Go to First Descendants game folder and go into Easy Anti-Cheat. Go to the Settings file and find the 3 IDs above/below each other. Replace a few letters/numbers with different letters/numbers, so for example replace c, g, and h with y, q, p. Same can be done with numbers, so 5, 1, 0 to 4, 8, 2. It doesn't need to be anything specific, just dont add or remove from the total character count in the IDs.

(Do this when you are ready to actually inject)

Open the game and wait. Dont click or load anything, just get to the title screen, before you can even see your character. Open task manager and find Black Cipher (In Details, in Processes it will be called Nexon Security and could be in First Descendant as a 'subprocess') and end or suspend it. Supposedly ending it will have it try to relaunch at some point, but I haven't seen that myself with numerous 10+ hour binges aggressively hacking. This is their 'Personal' AntiCheat which is tied to their 'Heartbeat' system. Its pretty poor and doesn't do anything really unless you try to close it way to early or stop it from ever opening, then you will be prevented from logging in. I recommend avoiding doing that numerous times because it may just look sus and get a flag thrown on you.

(Issues Injecting/Guide to inject. Only do extra if you are met with errors)

1. Use Extreme Injector, I use 3.7.3, (Extra) but others have said to use 3.7.2 to fix issues.
2. In Extreme Injector, go to Settings. Standard Injection Method usually didn't work for me, it may some times, but I found Manual Map Method to practically always work. I suggest changing that right away and dont bother with Standard Method.
3. Some times depending on if you have file access changed for different folders or applications, Extreme can have problems grabbing the DLL. I had this issue when trying to make a folder only I as the System Owner could access which resulted in Extreme even as Admin not having authority. What helped for me and fixed a Null error for someone else was moving Extreme and the DLL/Folder with the DLL into the same location, so a folder in Documents or the Desktop for example.
3. (Extra) Install Visual C++ All In One, especially if you need to compile the DLL yourself Visual Studio 2022 will help. Sometimes people have had issues with the DLLs I upload, not sure if I somehow replaced a working DLL with a previous one, but the project should still be accurate. In that case simply open the .sln project file, set the two options at the top below the toolbar to '64x' and 'Release', then Build and compile.
4. Make sure you have the latest Microsoft Frameworks and DirectX 11 as well, Not entirely sure how related they are but I had installed them around the same time I started using this hack. (Extra) By the same logic Windows Driver Kit + SDK Addon and Software Development Kit may be involved, but I would honestly say those are last ditch effort attempts at fixing whatever the issue is.
5. If the injection was successful but no menu appears, an update or hotfix most likely changed the GObject Offset or something else simple. This can be found yourself incase you dont want to wait for someone to update, but you need to learn how to use Dumper-7. (Extra) Injected the same way as the hack DLL, but a folder will be made and within that you can find the updated values/offsets.
6. If things are blinking or visually broken to a degree (Not entirely) Look at your systems/monitors resolution settings. Upscaling, 4k, and some other things can break the ESPs. Rapid frame to frame blinks for example is Frame Generation, the blinks without ESP are the fake frames.
7. If the game crashes, a certain hack could be broke. It may be No Spread, so simply keeping it off may stop it. It could also be ESPs, which is tougher to pin point, but usually will result in crashes when loading enemies or friendlies. If this is the case, either keep that hack off or you have to wait until its updated/fixed.
8. If something is wrong with the menu, delete the config file for it that should be in your games directory, just go to Steam or whatever and go to the games location. If a key in the menu is being used, it disables the menu opening, plus my menu can have its size changed with the arrow keys so its possible you make it too small to see.
